README.md, before:

# Lucid Protocol Specification

This repository contains the source information for the Lucid Protocol.

The protocol can be fully implemented using the information in this repository.

This repository contains the following files:

- **Lucid protocol specification v3.0.docx**, the source Word document containing the protocol specification. Readers are encouraged to use the PDF version.
- **Lucid protocol specification v3.0.pdf**, a PDF version of the Word document, headings have been captured as bookmarks to make the document easy to navigate in a PDF reader. Readers are encouraged to use this version.
- **lucid.schema.json**, a JSON Schema file useful in checking high level message compliance.
- **Field Device Profile.json**, an example of a Lucid Field Device Profile.
- **Field Device Configuration.json**, an example configuration file for a Lucid Field Device.
- **Lucid.sln**, a Microsoft Visual Studio solutions file to permit easy viewing of the json files and this README file.
- **.gitignore**, a gitignore file for this project.
- **README.md**, this file.

More information can be found on the [Lucid website](https://www.lucidprotocol.org).

Commit message:

Addition of a note to the README.md, about our temporary change in stance on version numbering

README.md, after:

# Lucid Protocol Specification

This repository contains the source information for the Lucid Protocol.

The protocol can be fully implemented using the information in this repository.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Normally the Lucid Protocol version number would advance by one whenever a group of code breaking changes are made. At the moment there are a number of large projects underway which may cause multiple breaking changes to the protocol code. To prevent the version number running away, we will stay fixed on version 3 with documentary changes accompanying code changes at incremental document versions e.g. 3.1, 3.2. Please use document version and git revision to explicitly reference a version in the meantime. We will stop this practice and revert to normal as soon as possible, moving to version 4 and removing this note when we do so. 

This repository contains the following files:

- **Lucid protocol specification v3.0.docx**, the source Word document containing the protocol specification. Readers are encouraged to use the PDF version.
- **Lucid protocol specification v3.0.pdf**, a PDF version of the Word document, headings have been captured as bookmarks to make the document easy to navigate in a PDF reader. Readers are encouraged to use this version.
- **lucid.schema.json**, a JSON Schema file useful in checking high level message compliance.
- **Field Device Profile.json**, an example of a Lucid Field Device Profile.
- **Field Device Configuration.json**, an example configuration file for a Lucid Field Device.
- **Lucid.sln**, a Microsoft Visual Studio solutions file to permit easy viewing of the json files and this README file.
- **.gitignore**, a gitignore file for this project.
- **README.md**, this file.

More information can be found on the [Lucid website](https://www.lucidprotocol.org).
